Legal Fees. Should a dispute between the named Parties arise lead to legal action, the prevailing Party
shall be entitled to any court costs, including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees.

No Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to and be binding upon the undersigned and their respective
heirs, representatives, successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by either
party without the prior written consent of the other party.

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of
this Agreement delivered by facsimile. email, or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed
to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

Electronic Signatures. This Agreement and related documents entered into in connection with this
Agreement are signed when a party’s signature is delivered electronically, and these signatures must be
treated in all respects as having the same force and effect as original signatures.

Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of
this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

Captions for Convenience. All captions herein are for convenience or reference only and do not
constitute part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the
provisions hereof.

No Waiver. No waiver of or failure to act upon any of the provisions of this Agreement or any right or
remedy arising under this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions,
rights or remedies (whether similar or dissimilar).

Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by all of the Parties hereto.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties regarding the
subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter. This
Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each
Party hereto.

[Signatures on Following Page]
