BUSINESS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Business Purchase Agreement (the ““Agreement”) dated on this day of , 20 (the
“Effective Date”) is made between (the “Seller) with an address of
and (the “Purchaser’), with an address of

for the particular purpose of setting forth the exclusive terms and conditions by which the Buyer desires to
purchase the business from the Seller.

Background. The Seller is a (type of business) which carries on the business of
at (the “Business’”’).

The Seller owns the assets of the Business and wishes to sell certain assets (the “Assets”), to the
above-named Purchaser, subject to any exclusions set forth in this Agreement and the Purchaser wishes to
buy the Assets. A complete description of the Assets are detailed in Exhibit A to this Agreement.

In consideration of the mutual obligations specified in this Agreement, the parties, intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree to the following:

Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and dependant on the warranties,
representations, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Seller hereby agrees to sell the Assets to
the Purchaser and the Purchaser agrees to purchase the Assets from the Seller.

Purchase Price. The Parties agree to the below Purchase Price for the Assets and further agree that they
will be allofcated among the Assets as follows subject to the required adjustments that are agreed upon by
the Parties:

Closing. The Closing of this purchase and sale of Assets shall take place on the day of ;
20._~—s (the ~=“Closing Date”) at the offices of located at

Upon Payment in full from the Purchaser, the Seller shall provide the Purchaser with all duly executed
forms and relevant documents evidencing the transfer of Assets, where required including, but not limited
to, assignments, consents, assurances, and bills of sale. The Seller also agrees to co-operate with the
Purchaser as needed in order to effect the required recording, registration, and filing with public
authorities of the transfer of ownership of the Assets of the Purchaser.

Payment. The Purchase Price for the Assets shall be paid by the Purchaser in one lump sum payment to
the Seller in the following form(s) of payment:

Other details of payment include:

